You don't make permanent changes, you always make temporary changes. It's mathematically impossible for you to think that life is dramatically going to change by you making temporary changes. It's not, it's the permanent changes.

It's 2 a.m. in a city you can't get to
Unless you rollin' with me
Said you don't want me 'cause you don't understand my mental
So why you comin' to me?
Why you thinkin' that we friends? Just get out
Drama in your life, don't give a damn
Yeah, I been letting too much out for a minute
Now you need advice I keep it zipped

Wonder how you felt, they just bait you 'til they reel you in
AK somethin' else, you ain't shit except a meal to him
I know longer feel so it's killed from belittlement
Had me on my heels 'til I found out you was the little man
Ain't nothing in between me and the game
Except you, fuck trippin'
Stayin' in my way, why you stay in lane too?
I'm fucking phenomenal, I'm buggin' and found them tools in my head
They made me unstoppable so I ain't gossipin' with grown men
All I need is a microphone and that's it
You're a son to me, I rock you like you wearin' a [?]
We ain't buddies, we ain't partners and we damn sure ain't friends
James Webb can't even see half as far as I'm headed but now it's

2 a.m. in a city you can't get to
Unless you rollin' with me (Rollin' with me)
Said you don't want me 'cause you don't understand my mental
So why you comin' to me? (Comin' to me)
Why you thinkin' that we friends? Just get out
Draw me in your life, don't give a damn
Yeah, I been letting too much out for a minute
Now you need advice I can't present

Everybody wanna be something except real
Never could comprehend why people live letting stress build
If you hit me with drama then you blocked anonymous
Actin' like we're friends, I know how you speaking behind my back
So why the fuck am I the one to call? You got it wrong
Keep the petty bullshit to yourself, you got it all
Twisted, let me get a simple minute of your time
I'ma show you somethin' different might just change your fucking life
Ego on a high horse, start lettin' my pride go
Was letting my circle down from praising the most high, to being the high most
Tryna chill now on the weed so I gotta keep the bud light
Never took a bean but Chicago on a long flight but now it's

2 a.m. in a city that you can't get to
Unless you rollin' with me (Rollin' with me)
Said you don't want me 'cause you don't understand my mental
So why you comin' to me? (Comin' to me)
Why you thinkin' that we friends? Just get out
Drama in your life, don't give a damn
Yeah, I been letting too much out for a minute
Now you need advice I keep it zipped

The problem why so few of us make permanent changes is because we put the pressure on trying to change seven different areas. And you ain't gonna do it. Permanent changes don't work if you do seven different things at a time. Permanent changes work if you do one thing at a time.